README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <h1 align="center">PyTaskbar</h1>
  <p align="center">
    The ultimate taskbar progress python package!
    <br />
  </p>
</p>

<br>

## ℹ About

This package allows you to control the taskbar progress bar and works seamlessly with modern Windows 10/11 and GUIs (Tkinter, PyQt, PySimpleGUI, etc.)!

## **Example** (Using Tkinter):

```python
import tkinter as tk

import PyTaskbar

root = tk.Tk()
root.title('PyTaskbar Tkinter Example')
root.geometry('300x150')

status_label = tk.Label(root, text="Initializing...", font=("Helvetica", 12))
status_label.pack(pady=40)

root.update()

hwnd = int(root.wm_frame(), 16)
prog = PyTaskbar.Progress(hwnd)
prog.init()


def show_loading():
    status_label.config(text="State: Loading")
    prog.setState('loading')
    root.after(3000, show_normal)


def show_normal():
    status_label.config(text="State: Normal (Progress)")
    prog.setState('normal')

    for i in range(0, 101):
        root.after(i * 30, prog.setProgress, i)

    root.after(3000 + 1000, show_paused)


def show_paused():
    status_label.config(text="State: Paused")
    prog.setProgress(50)
    prog.setState('paused')
    root.after(3000, show_error)


def show_error():
    status_label.config(text="State: Error")
    prog.setState('error')
    root.after(3000, show_done)


def show_done():
    status_label.config(text="State: Done!")
    prog.setState('done')


root.after(1000, show_loading)

root.mainloop()
```

Commit message:

Add install instruction to Readme

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <h1 align="center">PyTaskbar</h1>
  <p align="center">
    The ultimate taskbar progress python package!
    <br />
  </p>
</p>

<br>

## ℹ About

This package allows you to control the taskbar progress bar and works seamlessly with modern Windows 10/11 and GUIs (Tkinter, PyQt, PySimpleGUI, etc.)!

## Requirements

- Python 3.9 or higher

## How to Install

```
pip install git+https://github.com/timminator/PyTaskbar.git
```

## Usage

The functionalities are explained in the following code snippet that is also provided in this repo:

```python
import tkinter as tk

import PyTaskbar

root = tk.Tk()
root.title('PyTaskbar Tkinter Example')
root.geometry('300x150')

status_label = tk.Label(root, text="Initializing...", font=("Helvetica", 12))
status_label.pack(pady=40)

root.update()

hwnd = int(root.wm_frame(), 16)
prog = PyTaskbar.Progress(hwnd)
prog.init()


def show_loading():
    status_label.config(text="State: Loading")
    prog.setState('loading')
    root.after(3000, show_normal)


def show_normal():
    status_label.config(text="State: Normal (Progress)")
    prog.setState('normal')

    for i in range(0, 101):
        root.after(i * 30, prog.setProgress, i)

    root.after(3000 + 1000, show_paused)


def show_paused():
    status_label.config(text="State: Paused")
    prog.setProgress(50)
    prog.setState('paused')
    root.after(3000, show_error)


def show_error():
    status_label.config(text="State: Error")
    prog.setState('error')
    root.after(3000, show_done)


def show_done():
    status_label.config(text="State: Done!")
    prog.setState('done')


root.after(1000, show_loading)

root.mainloop()
```
